all right guys is going Duncan seized 75
and Here I am with another tutorial
video on how to get a trophy on rocket
League this one is called white or died
trophy it is the silver trophy and I
know that lots of people are having a
hard time getting this I'm going to show
you exactly what you have to do to get
this show fee so first off you have to
go to garage you have to pick a Dominus
car next you have to pick the tatts
detail after that in this specific order
here when it comes to colors on the blue
team you have to pick the first one here
on top left and same thing with the
accent top left you do the same thing
for the orange team top left you pick
yellow and here top left you pick white
then in the exact order you have to do
brushed metal carbon fiber metallic
pearl and pearlescent next the wheels
wheels are gonna have to put on are the
Christiano wheels after that you will
have to use the nitrous boost the rocket
trail you will have to put the royal
crown on top and you will have to use
the disconnect antenna once you do that
you're going to go on exhibition here
and you're going to play a full game
just pick your Tokyo Coliseum as default
1 vs 1 no BOTS create match you have to
play the entire 5 minutes go score at
least one goal play the entire match
once you do that you come back out and
you have to go pick the other card now
you have to go into garage you have to
go pick hmm Takumi is that his name yeah
Takumi and you have to change a decal
too what is it
copycats once you do that you go and do
the same thing again exhibition utopia
Coliseum one vs. one no BOTS both score
one goal play the rest of the 5 minutes
and that's it once you come out you will
get the trophy I'll show it to you just
hold on a second so as you can see with
5 seconds left I got the
one nothing game I just like the time go
by so we get the win here and I'm what
we're gonna do is we are going to exit
and now we're going to change switch to
the other car like I said previously
we're going to get Takumi right here and
do not forget to change the decal to the
mmm
copycat yeah that's the one all right
and we're going to do the same thing so
as you can see here we have the copycat
there right there
so exhibition same thing create match
we're going to go score that one goal
and then let the five minutes go by
until we get that trophy so here we go
guys five seconds left and we should be
getting the trophy just right about now
and there we go writer died trophy so if
you followed instructions I just gave
you that's how you get the ride with dry
trophy right or Joe or Die choking yeah
what the for rocket lake so guys
that's the tutorial for this so Duncan
c75 sign outs and thanks for watching
please subscribe to my channel like and
come my videos and follow me on facebook
twitter and twitch guys enjoy the rest
of the day bye